Bluetooth: Mesh: Add LE Pairing Responder model and enable SMP authentication in Distributor sample (#13173)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/vnd/le_pair_resp.rst

.. _bt_mesh_le_pair_resp_readme:

LE Pairing Responder model
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The LE Pairing Responder model can be used to hand over a passkey over that will be used for authenticating a Bluetooth LE connection over a mesh network when other pairing methods is not possible to use.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
The LE Pairing Responder model can be used to hand over a passkey that will be used for authenticating a Bluetooth LE connection over a mesh network when other pairing methods is not possible to use.
````

.. _bt_mesh_le_pair_resp_readme:

LE Pairing Responder
####################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The LE Pairing Responder model can be used to hand over a passkey that will authenticate a Bluetooth LE connection over a mesh network when it is not possible to use other pairing methods.

> Before the pairing is initiated, an initiator should send a LE Pairing message with Passkey Reset opcode to set a new passkey for the next pairing request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before the pairing is initiated, an initiator should send an LE Pairing message with Passkey Reset opcode to set a new passkey for the next pairing request.
```

The passkey returned in the LE Pairing message with the Passkey Status opcode should be used for the next pairing.

This model requires an application to only enable the display capability for the LE pairing by setting the :c:member:`bt_conn_auth_cb.pairing_display` callback.
After every pairing request, the application must invalidate the previously used passkey by calling the :c:func:`bt_mesh_le_pair_resp_passkey_invalidate` function.
This function can be called from callbacks :c:member:`bt_conn_auth_info_cb.pairing_complete` and :c:member:`bt_conn_auth_info_cb.pairing_failed`.
See the :file:`samples/bluetooth/mesh/common/smp_bt_auth.c` file for the reference.

Messages
========

> The LE Pairing Request model defines a single message with opcode ``0x11``, which defines at least 1 byte long opcode field.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The LE Pairing Request model defines a single message with opcode ``0x11``, which defines at least 1 byte long sub-opcode field.
```

> The supported opcodes are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The supported sub-opcodes are:
```

Passkey Reset

>    Sent to set a new passkey for the next pairing request.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Sent to instruct a node to generate a new passkey for the next pairing request.
```

   The opcode field value is ``0x00``.

Passkey Status
   Sent as a response to the Passkey Reset message.
   The opcode field value is ``0x01``.

>    The message also contains the 1-byte long request status.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The message contains the 1-byte long request status, and optionally a 4-byte long passkey field.
```

>    The message contains the 1-byte long request status, and optionally a 3 byte long, 6-digits passkey.

Reviewer 2: 3-byte long or 3 bytes long
Also, 6-digit or 6 digits long passkey

>    If the passkey was set successfully (the status filed is ``0x00``), the message contains a 4-byte long, 6-digit passkey.

Reviewer 2: status field?

>    If the passkey was set successfully (the status field is ``0x00``), the message contains a 4-byte long, 6-digit passkey.

Reviewer 3: Since passkey will never be longer than 6 numbers you can optimize message size (even though whole thing will fit into one segment). Also, minor improvement for clarity. 

```suggestion
   If the passkey was generated successfully (the status field is ``0x00``), the message contains a 3-byte long, 6-digit passkey.
```
